Location
========

Since its inception, the Boost conference has been held in Aspen, one
of Colorado’s most beautiful year-round resort areas.  Founded as a
mining camp in the Colorado Silver Boom and named because of the
abundance of aspen trees in the area, the city emerged as a skiing
mecca following World War II.  Since then, Aspen has become an
international destination for recreation, arts, business, and
intellectual discourse.

To acquaint you with Aspen we invite you to visit the `Aspen
Chamber of Commerce`__ site, which describes the activities,
events, and entertainment available in town.  Aspen makes a
wonderful family vacation spot; we encourage you to bring them and
extend your stay if you can.

__ http://www.aspenchamber.org/

Local Time Zone
---------------

At the time of BoostCon 2009, Aspen will be on Mountain Daylight
Time, the same as Denver.  Daylight Savings Time starts Sunday
March 8, 2009 at 2:00 a.m. Mountain Standard Time. 


Weather
-------

Aspen is a mountain town located at an elevation of nearly 8,000
feet. The surrounding mountains reach 14,000 feet. Please be aware
of the high altitude effects. Drink lots of water when you first
arrive, and be advised to limit physical exercise and alcohol
intake. The temperature in Aspen in the middle of May typically
ranges in the upper 60’s to low 70’s (Fahrenheit).  There is little
chance of rain or even clouds.  It is a very lovely time to be
Aspen.  We suggest that you bring layered clothing and a jacket for
evening to adjust to seasonal changes and evening temperature drops
which can be in the 40’s.  Local weather information is available
at http://www.wunderground.com/US/CO/Aspen.html.
